Add Redirection Section (#81)
cozy/cozy-guidelines: README.md

The whole configuration can be found inside [Cozy-UI/I18n folder](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-ui/blob/master/react/I18n)

## Redirections

If you need to make a link between cozy's apps, you should always use AppLinker from Cozy-UI. It handles a lot of use cases (flagship app, mobile app...).

> Never rely on `window.location` in the cozy's codebase. We do a few things that can have repercussion on this value. Always use the generateWebLink method. To use it, you'll have to get the subdomainType. And to get the subdomainType, you'll need to read it from the client: const { subdomain: subDomainType } = client.getInstanceOptions()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Never rely on `window.location` in the cozy's codebase. We do a few things that can have repercussion on this value. Always use the generateWebLink method. To use it, you'll have to get the subdomainType. And to get the subdomainType, you'll need to read it from the client: `const { subdomain: subDomainType } = client.getInstanceOptions()`
```

> Never rely on `window.location` in the cozy's codebase. We do a few things that can have repercussion on this value. Always use the generateWebLink method. To use it, you'll have to get the subdomainType. And to get the subdomainType, you'll need to read it from the client: `const { subdomain: subDomainType } = client.getInstanceOptions()`

Reviewer 2: I don't think this rule is true for the entire cozy's codebase, maybe we should refer to only cozy-apps?

For example, our Flagship mobile app inject `window.location` related code into webviews to handle some specific navigation scenario. Maybe some cloudery pages or the cozy-stack login pages also use it.

```suggestion
Never rely on `window.location` in the cozy-apps' codebase. We do a few things that can have repercussion on this value. Always use the generateWebLink method. To use it, you'll have to get the subdomainType. And to get the subdomainType, you'll need to read it from the client: `const { subdomain: subDomainType } = client.getInstanceOptions()`
```
